Welcome to Storyflix. In this video, we will
explain, Freehold, an unusual film about a
shady real estate agent that has no idea that
he's acquired a hidden houseguest. Remaining
hidden, the guest eats his food, wears his
clothes and even uses his toothbrush. What
was the purpose of the intruder in his apartment?
Let's find out on Freehold. Freehold begins
in an apartment. A man named Hussein wakes
up from sleep and starts doing his morning
activities. He showered, changed clothes,
and had breakfast. Hussein seems like an office
worker who has a good career. That's why he
was able to make a living and live in a comfortable
apartment. Unfortunately, Hussein was completely
unaware that someone else was living in his
apartment. Every morning, a man named Orlan
starts his activities like Hussein. He cleaned
his mouth with mouthwash and brushed his teeth
with Hussein's toothbrush. He also wiped his
body with Hussein's towel. Orlan then had
breakfast. This morning he wanted to eat cereal
for breakfast by adding milk from Hussein's
refrigerator. He was so enjoying his freedom
in Hussein's apartment that he even took a
nap in his bed. In the afternoon, Hussein
who came home from work all day, got a call
from his girlfriend, Mel. It turns out Mel
was going to visit his apartment in two days,
and she asked Hussein to pick her up at the
airport. Hussein, who was tired from working
all day, immediately fell asleep. That's when
Orlan used to get out of hiding. By moving
quietly between Hussein's deep sleep, Orlan
began to do activities and enjoy every facility
in that apartment. But the longer he stayed
in Hussein's apartment, the more Orlan's behaviour
started to get worse. Now he started changing
the alarm, hoping that Hussein would wake
up late. And sure enough, the following day,
Hussein had to hurry because he was late for
work. Orlan, who was alone in the apartment,
got into action again. He had milk for his
breakfast. He even put tap water in a milk
bottle. But not only that, Orlan wanted Hussein
to be late to pick up Mel, so he changed the
reminder written on the refrigerator door.
In that apartment, Orlan was alone, so he
often felt lonely. Outside the window, there
were two pigeons who had always been his friends.
Every day, Orlan always feed the two pigeons.
The rest of his time was spent having fun
and using all of Hussein's equipment. Hussein,
who came home from work, still looks busy
selling some properties. It turns out he worked
as a real estate agent. But that night, he
was seen busy cleaning his kitchen. Moreover,
the milk in the refrigerator had gone stale
because of Orlan's actions. Because he was
tired of working all day and busy cleaning
his apartment, Hussein immediately fell asleep.
In the middle of Hussein's deep sleep, Orlan
reappeared and started checking Hussein's
wallet. There he found his credit card. Orlan
wrote down all the important information from
Hussein's credit card. He was sure that the
credit card would be of use to him one day.
The next day, Hussein woke up from his sleep
and started getting ready to start the day.
But the difference is, today is Saturday,
so he doesn't go to the office to work. Hussein
was also seen busy cleaning his entire apartment.
Then Mel called and was angry because has
had not yet picked her up at the airport even
though she had been waiting for a long time.
He then immediately went to pick up Mel. That's
when Orlan used to get out of his hiding place
and began to put his spit into Hussein's mouthwash.
He even wore Hussein's socks and underwear
that had just been washed. Orlan then lures
the two pigeons into the apartment by sprinkling
some breadcrumbs. Sure enough, the pigeon
made a fuss, and Mel became hysterical. Orlan
tried hard to make Mel not feel at home in
the apartment. The two pigeons began to poop
and littered the entire apartment. Now Orlan
must hide longer because there are two people
in the apartment. Mel could not find any food
in Hussein's apartment, even though Hussein
was very sure that he had already stocked
up on food. Mel then went shopping for Hussein.
That night, as a form of apology, Hussein
took Mel out for dinner at a fancy restaurant.
Realizing the empty apartment, Orlan came
out again from his hiding place and finished
Mel's bath soap. He even shaved his armpits
with Hussein's razor. Since Hussein and Mel
were having fancy eating at the restaurant,
Orlan wanted to feel the same way. He started
cooking spaghetti and enjoyed his time in
the apartment as if it were the owner. Not
only that, Orlan started throwing Hussein's
jewellery down the toilet and cutting his
tie. He also used Hussein's mouthwash, but
this time he put the liquid from his snot
into the mouthwash bottle. Now he's starting
to replace Mel and Hussein's soap with a floor
cleaner. The next day, Hussein began to get
ready to go out with Mel. He started gargling
with mouthwash and a toothbrush that had been
mixed with Orlan's spit. But he was so shocked
when he couldn't find his earrings. His tie
had even been cut. When Hussein and Mel were
gone, Orlan reappeared and started to do his
actions. Now he uses Mel s laptop to access
porn sites. He even grabbed Mel's underwear
and wiped the snot from his nose. Of course,
his goal was achieved. Now Mel and Hussein
are fighting, and Mel is starting to get disgusted
with all of Hussein's behavior which he thinks
is starting to be abnormal. That night when
Hussein and Mel were fast asleep, Orlan woke
up and started to poop. But he deliberately
did not flush it. Mel, who found Orlan's poop,
was disgusted and angry. Hussein and Mel then
start fighting and blaming each other. Finally,
Mel could not stand Hussein anymore and decided
to leave and end their relationship. Realizing
that Mel had left the apartment made Orlan
happy. He started to move on. Now he started
clipping his toenails and putting them under
Hussein's pillow. Orlan then purposely threw
Hussein's cutlery into the toilet and peed
on it. After that, he put them back in their
place. Hussein, who had just returned from
work, was completely oblivious to what Orlan
had done all day. But he started to feel itchy
rashes on his skin because he had been bathing
with floor cleaning soap all this time. After
bathing, Hussein used the filthy spoon to
stir up the medicine and went to bed. But
instead, he smelled a pungent smell from underneath
his pillow. It turns out there he found Orlan's
dirty toenails. Hussein suspected it was Mel's
doing. The following day before Hussein woke
up, Orlan put his earwax into Hussein's vitamins.
He also put his snot into the mouthwash and
used Hussein's toothbrush to clean his ears.
Hussein who doesn t know, used up all his
dirty toiletries and started to get sick.
That night he woke up with an itchy body.
He then went to the kitchen. Orlan was so
shocked and immediately hid on a cupboard.
Fortunately, Hussein was seriously ill at
the time and was still not aware of Orlan's
presence in his apartment. When Hussein was
asleep in his sleep, Orlan strikes again.
Now he deleted all of Hussein's scheduled
meetings and threw away all his toilet paper.
Hussein was getting sicker and suffering so
much. He didn't even come to work the next
day. Hussein began to be confused by all the
oddities in his apartment until two couriers
delivered a freezer. Hussein was pretty sure
he didn't buy the freezer. Strangely the seller
said that Hussein bought the freezer using
his credit card. And we can tell if it was
Orlan who purchased the freezer using Hussein's
credit card. Every day Orlan's actions are
getting to the next level. He took Hussein's
cell phone and took a picture of his dick.
The photo was then sent to his boss. And sure
enough, his boss came and was furious with
Hussein's photo. Hussein was even fired right
then and there. After his boss left, Hussein
began to feel strange in his apartment because
suddenly, the water in the faucet ran by itself.
Hussein began to believe that he wasn't the
only one in his apartment. It looks like Orlan
deliberately showed signs of his presence
in the apartment. Hussein started to get suspicious
then checked the whole apartment, but he couldn't
find Orlan. Finally, Hussein called a man
and installed additional locks on his apartment
door. But of course, the keys and locks were
useless because Orlan was already in his apartment.
Orlan then disturbs Hussein, who is sleeping.
But still, Hussein could not find the whereabouts
of Orlan in his apartment. Hussein began not
to stand the condition of his skin that was
getting itchy. Having no job, he spent all
his time at home lazing around and snacking
all day long. Because he was running out of
money, he began stocking up on frozen food
at his house. One day, while on his bed, Hussein
finally realized the existence of Orlan, who
was hiding under his bed; the two then got
into an argument. Orlan started to tell Hussein
the reason he had been in his apartment all
this time. It turned out that Orlan was a
former buyer of one of the properties that
Hussein sold. He was disappointed because
Hussein had deceived him. Hussein's actions
caused Orlan and his girlfriend to become
homeless. At that time, his girlfriend was
pregnant. Finally, his girlfriend decided
to go and leave him. That's why Orlan broke
into Hussein's apartment to get his revenge.
He wanted Hussein to experience the bitterness
of life as he had experienced: not having
a partner, not having a job and getting sick
because of an unhealthy lifestyle. The scene
of this film then changed. It looks like Orlan
doesn't want to live a careless lifestyle
anymore. He seemed to be busy cleaning the
apartment and changing his appearance by shaving
his beard. He then began to dress neatly like
Hussein. Now Orlan is ready to start his new
life and find a job and his missing wife and
child. Orlan then took out some breadcrumbs
and fed the two pigeons. It turned out that
the two pigeons were eating in a freezer.
Unexpectedly, inside the freezer lay the body
of Hussein, who Orlan had killed. This film
also reaches its end, when Orlan can take
revenge for all that Hussein did to him.